now this year comic relief and the bbc
threw down the gauntlet to one inspiring
person for
really an unforgettable celebrity
challenge
billy munger is a racing driver who at
the age of 17 was left with life
challenging injuries to both his legs
after an accident
but that did not stop billy taking on
the most daunting 140 mile triathlon
inspired challenge
for comic relief and here is how he got
on
this is the toughest physical challenge
that i've ever set myself
i'm gonna have to push myself beyond
what i think i'm capable of
[Applause]
bill hasn't ridden a bike since he had
his accident stay beside me come on he
hasn't ridden a kayak and he certainly
hasn't walked a marathon i'm in pain
quite a lot
yeah it's madness looks choppy i'll tell
you that
if the wind gets underneath his kayak
it's just gonna go
[Music]
come on hello mate how's it going
how many times did it take you to pass
your driving test more than one
shut up i want to give you a big big big
squeeze come on girl
come on you'll be absolutely gutted am i
really capable of doing this come on
buddy
if i bit enough more that i can chew i
don't know
i had to reach that d before
[Music]
the fact that i'm doing this for such an
amazing cause
that's gonna be huge huge motivation
that's your mum up there billy come on
i'd never dreamt in a million years that
he'd be walking that far
everyone out there feels a little bit
proud of him
in the process of hopefully changing
people's lives of the money we raise
i think i've changed my own a little bit
as well
[Music]
wow a truly epic achievement and i'm so
pleased to say the man of the moment
is here tonight so virtual audience put
your hands together for this
incredible man billy bundy
[Applause]
wow billy a massive challenge it's been
a few weeks since you did it but how are
you feeling have you recovered
yeah it took about a week for me to feel
normal again really
there was a week period where i really
didn't know what was quite going on but
after that i kind of all the injuries i
had kind of healed up and uh yeah i feel
alright now
good morning and obviously it's a very
physical challenge but it's also a
really really mental challenge we've had
a bit of a chat about that
what was it that carried you through i
think it's all about the cause when
you're doing something like this
like when for me when i got to the
darkest points where i didn't know
whether i could go on personally
just thinking about the money we're
going to raise the people we're going to
affect like that was
what kind of pushed me to find that
extra little five percent and
and now i should get through it you you
really were amazing
absolutely fantastically and i know um
you know you did it to raise money and
you don't know how much you've raised
no i do would you like to find out yes i
would oh
yeah the remote race offer by billy
is
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah speechless that's completely
out of what i thought was possible so
thank you everyone thank you
well thank you you did an absolutely
amazing you inspired
so many people so well done thank you so
much
oh an absolute hero and thank you so
much on behalf of uh from everybody at
comic relief as well
if you've been inspired by billy please
do keep giving
whatever you can thank you so much